docs(core): rework of documentation (#1558)
cloudoperators/greenhouse: docs/reference/components/plugin.md

```yaml
  optionValues:
  - name: image.tag
    value: foobar
  - name: secret
    valueFrom:
      type: secret
      secretRef:
        name: alerts-secret
        key: secret-key
```

| :information_source: A defaulting webhook automatically merges the OptionValues with the defaults set in the PluginDefinition. The defaulting does not update OptionValues when the defaults change and does not remove values when they are removed from the PluginDefinition. |

`.spec.waitFor` is an optional field that specifies PluginPresets or Plugins which have to be successfully deployed before this Plugin can be deployed. This can be used to express dependencies between Plugins. This can be useful if one Plugin depends on Custom Resource Definitions or other resources created by another Plugin.

```yaml
spec:
  waitFor:
  - kind: PluginPreset
    name: ingress-nginx
  - kind: Plugin
    name: cert-manager-example-cluster
```

> | :information_source: The dependencies on a PluginPresets ensures that a Plugin created by this PluginPreset has been deployed to the same Cluster. The dependency on a Plugin is fullfilled if the referenced Plugin is deployed to the same cluster. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| :information_source: The dependency on a PluginPreset ensures that a Plugin created by this PluginPreset has been deployed to the same cluster. The dependency on a Plugin is fulfilled if the referenced Plugin is deployed to the same cluster. |
```
